You are a blind friend, simple,
If you ask the brothers to walk around, they will walk around.
Traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic.
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all today.
Since you are my brother, you cannot tolerate the power of the bomb.
I think even Sister Long knows about it
You will be good too
You let it happen to you today
They all knelt down and fired their bombs.
If the negative is small